Cutscene #1

The dragons (and Hunter) are asleep in the Dragon Kingdom. 150 dragon eggs are also sitting in the spot. A mysterious figure pops out of a nearby underground hole. A few rhynocs also pop out of some nearby holes. She signals them to... take away the dragon eggs ?!!?!?...and watches as they disappear out of sight into the holes. She takes the last dragon egg and walks to a hole nearby... *YAWN* a nearby dragon alerts her, and she goes the other way. On her way to the next hole, she steps on Hunter's arm! He gives a big yelp, waking the others (and Spyro). She finds herself in an awkward position and attempts to escape. Thankfully, Spyro gives her a big flame, but unfortunately, she falls in the hole and so does the dragon egg...a dragon tries to go after her, but only gets stuck.


Cutscene #2: «A Powerful Villain Emerges...»

The figure walks up to a blue lizard thingy with the last dragon egg. She says (panting), "We managed to capture the eggs, your highness. Every last one." The lizard replies, "Excellent. Maybe you will amount to something after all. Now...go guard the tunnels. Stop anyone from coming through!" So, the figure walks away, and we get a close-up on the window in the room. We see Zoe the fairy, who's been listening in on the conversation.


Cutscene #3: «A Desperate Rescue Begins...»

The dragon from before is trying to be pulled out of the hole in the ground. Zoe pops out of a hole. A dragon asks, "Where are the eggs?" She replies, "The holes came out on the other side of the dragon worlds. We found some of the eggs, but they were too heavy to carry back." "The other side of the world??" Spyro asks. "The forgotten worlds..." the older dragon replies. "Spyro, you'll have to go. Nobody else can fit down the holes." Hunter says, "Yeah, come on! Let's go!" and attempts to get into the hole and gets stuck. The older dragon stamps him through, and says: "Find the eggs, and bring them back, Spyro. You are our only chance." "You've got it!" says Spyro, and he jumps down the hole to begin his mission.


Cutscene #4: «No Hard Feelings»

Moneybags says to Sheila, "Ah, heh heh, I hope you appreciate this favor I'm doing in letting you out." Sheila replies, "As good of you, mate. No hard feelings, eh?" "Right. After all, I'm just doing my job-" But Sheila inter- rupts him with a lovely kick at the greedy bear. Spyro looks back as Money- bags is slammed into the wall and goes dizzy. Sheila says to Spyro, "I reckon you be one of them dragons, then?" Spyro: "Yeah. Name's Spyro." Sheila: "Never thought I've had seen one. You dragons used to rule this entire world, youknow. Then all of a sudden you left. Poof!" Spyro: "Dragons used to live here?" Sheila: "Didn't you know? They say it was over a thousand years ago, I think." Spyro: "...and they just...left?" Sheila: "Yeah. And the weird thing is, after they left, all the magic in the world just sorta went with them. Oh, and they say this world used to have magic coming out the whazoo! Flying sheep, singing forests, wishing stars, you name it! But when the dragons left, it all just dried up." Spyro: "Is That why some of the portals don't work?" Sheila: "Yeah. They're starting to fade out too, one by one...Well, I gotta get back home and do some damage control. Come visit anytime you like!" Sheila goes through the portal to her home. Spyro looks slightly confused.


Cutscene #5: «The Second Warning»

Spyro and Hunter are walking along in Sunrise Spring. We see Bianca hiding behind a tree. She scuffles over to another tree and makes a dramatic slide. Spyro stops in his tracks to see who made the noise and sees Bianca's head right before she pops it back in back of the tree. Hunter trips on Spyro's tail because he's stopped. Bianca chuckles. Hunter and Spyro look at her as she steps from behind the tree. Spyro tells Hunter, "Oohoohoo, look out, Hunter. It's the 'scary' sorceress." Bianca says, "I've warned you already. This place isn't safe for small dragons, and..." She looks at Hunter. "Pussy- cats." Hunter looks offended. Spyro replies, "Thanks, but I think we can look after ourselves." Bianca yells, "Try looking after THIS!" and throws an orb of magic at them which Spyro avoids, but Hunter is blown into the air by. Spyro makes sure Hunter is alright, then looks back at Bianca, angry. Bianca panics, then runs, but Spyro flames her away, then stops with a smooth slide. "Haha! Come back when you've finished witch school, OK?" Hunter smooths his fur, then says to Spyro, "Say... Is it just me, or is she kinda cute when she's angry?" Spyro shakes his head in disbelief.


Cutscene #6: «Bianca Strikes Back»

The Sorceress and Bianca are back in her office... Sorceress: "Listen carefully, you stupid girl. I'm only going to ask you one more time...Why haven't you disposed of that infernal dragon?!?!?" Bianca: "I..I.. I've tried to scare him off, your highness, but he's just not  afraid of anything." Sorceress: "Not afraid? NOT AFRAID!? Why have I been training you all these years?" She looks infuriated. "USE. SOME. MAGIC!" She grabs something and hands it to Bianca, a spellbook. "Here's a spellbook. Whip up a monster...and eliminate him." Bianca looks in the spellbook. "Uh... uh..kill him?" "I don't care what you do, you useless brat! As long as you get rid of him!!" Bianca takes a close look at the spellbook, and flips some pages. "Let's see what we've got here..." She finds what she's looking for. "This oughta do it." She gestures to a rhynoc, who's helping the others punish Sgt. Byrd. "You! Come here." She transforms him into a rabbit, and then into a mutant rabbit. A mutant, ferocious rabbit. She looks at him and thinks. She removes the bunny ears and sends him off to battle.


Cutscene #7: «Byrd, James Byrd»

The penguin flies up. He comes back down and talks to Spyro. "Sgt. Byrd. 90068. Awaiting order, sir." Spyro: "Uh..I think you'll have to find your commanding officer for that..." He looks at the rockets on the penguin's shoulders. "Hey, what are those things?" Sgt. Byrd: "These are the latest military hardware. DB-X9 rocket launchers, state-of-the-art." "So why didn't you use them to escape?" Spyro replies. "Dehh- err- Because! Because I have limited ammo...and I wanted to conserve it...for this!" He turns around and takes a shot at Moneybags. He turns back around to talk to Spyro again. "Say, where'd you come from? I thought dragons had all been dead for a thousand years, or something." "Well, the rumors of our extinction were slightly exaggerated..we just wanted a little peace and quiet." Sgt. Byrd replies, "Well, if it's peace and quiet you want, you should stay clear of my homeworld for a bit. I reckon I'll be blowing up rhynocs for weeks. Cheerio!"


Cutscene #8: «Hunter's Tussle»

Bianca is sitting on a rock, reading her spellbook. A flower is in front of her. She yells, "Fi, fo, fee, fum fum fum vu..." and the flower in front of her grows. She reads some more. "Fi, fum, grow!", and it shrinks. Hunter, Spyro and Sparx are watching. Hunter chuckles. She flips some pages and looks at a rabbit. "Galhem, galhom, galhi!" and the rabbit enlarges. It smashes the rock in front of Bianca, stunning her. Hunter says to Spyro, "We should help her!" Spyro: "You're kidding, right? She nearly toasted you!" Hunter: "Yeah, but she was aiming at you." Bianca looks up and the monster eats her, then spits out her spellbook. Hunter jumps in and kicks the rabbit. They begin to tussle. They both fall on the ground. The monster jumps on Hunter, but Hunter kicks him back in the air, making him spit out Bianca and fall on the ground again. Bianca falls next to Spyro. The monster is about to stomp on Hunter, but Bianca decides to be nice and turn him back into a little rabbit. Now, the rabbit is simply hopping on Hunter's head. Hunter smacks him off. Bianca: "Uh ...thanks." Hunter: "No problem." Spyro: "It's a good thing for you Hunter was around!" Bianca: "I can look after myself." Spyro: "Oh, sure you can." Bianca: "Would you like me to show you?" She creates a butterfly, which Sparx eats. Spyro: "Out of magic, huh? How 'bout I give you a jump-start?" Bianca: "Hmph! I'll deal with you later!" She walks off. Hunter (to Spyro): "Hey, why'd you have to scare her off?" Spyro shakes his head.


Cutscene #9: «Spike is Born» 

The Sorceress and Bianca are standing together. The Sorceress argues, "You bumbling, idiotic, worthless fool! I ask you to carry out one simple task, and you fail me! I should have known never then to rely on a child!" Bianca stut- ters, "B-but.." The Sorceress interrupts her. "Don't worry about it..I'll deal with them now!" Bianca mutters, "Eggs can't be worth all this trouble.." The Sorceress replies, "Without dragons, the magic in this world will wither away. Without magic, I'll die. And so will your ever-so-slim chance of becom- ing A SORCERESS!" Bianca cringes. "Now..watch how a REAL sorceress dispatches her enemies!" The camera turns over to a yeti in a cage. The Sorceress looks at one of the rhynoc servants guarding the cage. She says, "How would you like some dragon for lunch?" The rhynoc nods his head and walks over to her. He be- gins to shake. The Sorceress then turns him into a giant, muscular..thing. A rhynoc hands him a ray gun...


Cutscene #10: «A Duplicitous, Larcenous Ursine» 

Spyro walks up to the yeti as he walks out of the portal. The yeti says, "Ahh, the first rejuvenating breath of freedom. With the humility of a wounded sparrow, I genuflect among noble deliverer." Spyro: "Uh...it was no big deal, dude." Moneybags: "Yes..ahem..after all, it was I who let you out." The yeti replies, "Why, you brassily avericious, duplicitous, larcenous ursine!" Money- bags defends, "Oh, hoho hold on!!" *Whack* Spyro looks back. "OH!" *WHACK* "OOH hoo.." Moneybags looks dizzy. The yeti says, "One more, perhaps?" Spyro says, "At least!" Bentley whacks him with his club once more, sending him ac- ross the room. The yeti walks over to Spyro. "Please do afford me the sublime honor of enjoying your visitation in the nearest future." Spyro: "..yeah... sure." The yeti walks out of the portal, and Spyro looks surprised.


Untitled cutscene.

Hunter is walking around. He sees a red button on the ground. He says, "Hmmm..." then pushes it. It turns green and opens a trap door. He sreams, "AAAAHHHH!" and falls into an open cage. The top closes, leaving him trapped. The Sorceress cackles and is heard throughout the dungeon.


Cutscene #11: «An Apology, and Lunch»

Hunter is in a locked cage. Bianca walks in. She takes off her hood, and says, "Hello...I thought you might be hungry." She gives Hunter an apple. "Thanks!" he says, and snags it. "Did you bring any chips?" Bianca ignores him and says, "I'm sorry this happened but...I tried to warn you." Hunter replies, "I had to help Spyro rescue the eggs!" "You just don't understand. If we don't bring dragons back to this world soon, all our magic will be lost!" "The dragons used to live here?" Bianca replies, "Yes. This was their original home. But a long, long time ago, The Sorceress (shows her doing this) banished them to the other side of the world! She didn't realize the dragons were the source of all our magic!" "Maybe I could convince the dragons to come back...if you let me go." Bianca raises her arms to let him out...but resists. "I'm sorry. I can't." She runs out of the dungeon. Hunter stares.


Cutscene #12: «A Monster to end all Monsters»

"That's it! I've had enough! I'm going to create a monster to end ALL monsters! Heh heh heh. And I'm going to send it out to destroy ALL the dragons, even the little hatchlings!! Yes! YES! It will smash them and crush them and grind them and TEAR them!! Ohohhhhh YES! Smear them and smush them and crack them and CREAK them!!!" The Sorceress bragged about her soon-to-be creation. "But.. uh, won't that kill them?" Bianca replies shyly. "Tahahahaha, it doesnt matter! As long as I can still collect their wings..	" "What!?!" Bianca replies. "All this time you've only wanted them for their wings???" "Of course, you ignorant girl. I need them for a spell, so I can live FOREVER!!!!!" "Oh, oh ohhh wait a second. A SPELL??" "What did you think I was going to DO with all those dragons? Open a zoo?" One of the rhynoc guards laughs. "You said just keeping them in our world was enough! You never said you had to KILL them!!" "I don't have to kill them. It just stops them from wriggling so much! "You're terrible! I can't believe I ever listened to you!!" She walks out of the room, furious. "Stupid, insolent brat. I'll take care of her as soon as I finish off that dragon... now... Where was I... ah, yes..." She beckons to the rhynocs, and one pushes the other to the Sorceress. It grunts, shakes its head, and tries to pull away... the Sorceress raises her wand...


Cutscene #13: «The Escape!»

Hunter is in the cage. He sees Bianca. "Hi, Bianca! Did you bring any more food? I'm starving!" "There's no time for that, Hunter! We have to stop the Sorceress! She's gonna kill all the dragon hatchlings!" "Wait a minute... Why should I trust you? This could be another trap!" "You're in a cage, you furry numskull. How can I trap you by letting you out?" Hunter thinks. "I don't know... You sorceress types can be sneaky!" She opens the lock. "I never thought we were gonna hurt the dragons. Come on, we don't have time for this!" She grabs Hunter and they run out.


Cutscene #14: «The Dancing Bear»

The monkey, Agent 9, is let out. "WOOHOO! HEHAA! YIHEE!!! I'm FREE!! Thanks Spyro! Ohh...say, you ever see a bear dance??? Mhmmhmhhhhhmmhmm.." "Uh...no!" "Wehehe hell! It's your lucky day!! Check this out..." Moneybags starts to wave his hands in resistance, and Agent 9 shoots at his feet. He yelps, and A9 shoots all over the place at Moneybags (I guess you could call those dancing lessons :p). "Pretty good dancer, isn't he? Not much stamina though, too bad, I had a lot more ammo left Hoooheeahoahoeahohahaaa..HE.. Anyway, I heard all about how you've been fighting the Sorceress, and her armies, and kickin' all that BUTT, and I just wanted to say, HAZAA! YIPPEE!! WOOHOOHOO!!! Wish I could stay but my homeworld's been overrun by rhynocs since I've been captured. If you happen to see the Sorceress tell her I'll be givin her dancin' lessons real soon ya know what I mean? Hmmmhhmmhmhmmhhm?" "You bet!"  "LLLLATER!!" He runs off.


Cutscene #15: «Deja Vu?»

Spyro is by a microphone, you might recognize the familiar Stone Hill. In the background, Bentley talks: "Spyro, you've just defeated the Sorceress, rescued the dragon eggs, and restored freedom to the lost dragon world. What do you plan to do next? Hhmmmmm? Perhaps a nice vacation in Dragon Shores?? Hmmm??" Spyro: "Heheh, you're a real comedian sometimes, Bentley." (Bentley and Spyro start laughing) Spyro: "You know, I still have to find the rest of the dragon eggs. Plus, Hunter seems to have disappeared again, so I should go make sure he's not in more trouble. You haven't seen him, have you?" "Huh, me? Oh, (smiling) no, no.. If I do happen to encounter him, however, I will most certainly inform you immediately." Spyro nods, then walks away. 


Cutscene #16: «A Familiar Face»

Spyro, Agent 9, The Professor, and Elora from Spyro 2 are at Agent 9's lab. "It's a funny thing, Spyro. I adjusted Avalar's portals to take me to the Dragon Worlds, but somehow I ended up here... Maybe my coordinate tables are out of date-" "By a thousand years!" says Spyro. "That would explain why the book was so cheap..." Elora says, "So... Now that you're done saving the world again, are you gonna visit me in Avalar?" "Sure, Elora! But I still have to find the rest of the eggs, and, well, Hunter's disappeared again." Agent 9 says, "Did you say Hunter!? Well, HEY I can help, I just saw him sneak off with-" "Ahem." says the Professor. "Uhh, Agent 9, isn't that a rhynoc over in those bushes?" "A RHYNOC!? Ooh, let me at 'em... You want a piece of me, rhynoc boy?? Eat laser, punk! Come on now, I know you're hiding..." "Uhh, I'm Hunter is in good hands..." Elora kicks him. "AH-I mean...I'm sure he will turn up soon!" "Promise you'll come visit Avalar soon, okay?" says Elora. They leave.


Cutscene #17: «Billy in the Wall»

"Now how many times have I told you not to tease that moose?" says Sheila. "It was Billy's idea...uh.. Ya ya...heh.." Billy's head and stomach are in the wall. "Is that true, Billy?" "Mmmmmmm! MMM!" "Hold that thought, Billy." Spyro walks in. "Spyro, great to see ya!" "Hi, Sheila. I've been looking for Hunter all day. Have you seen him?" "Hehe, sorry, Spyro, Hunter made me promise not to tell you where they went." "They??" "Heheh, you didn't hear anything from me..." "Oh no, oh, no no no no..." 


Cutscene #18: «One Less Noble Warrior»

Hunter and Bianca are on a ledge in Fireworks Factory. Fireworks are booming, and they kiss. Sgt. Byrd is shown blowing the fireworks. "It's a sad sight, Sparx. Another noble warrior falls victim to the plague of love. Hmh. Just look away...   Well, I guess we'll have to find the rest of the eggs by our- selves." Elora goes to Spyro. "C'mon, Spyro. Take a little break. Let's watch the show." They watch the fireworks, and Sparx concludes the scene.