Be sure to keep your friend Sparx the Dragonfly healthy Spyro. If his health is low, torch a little creature like this slug below me to release a butterfly.

Here, take this egg. They were giving them away at the Tiki Lodge last night.

Rhynocs are running rampant around here, but I can't get anyone out of the Tiki Lodge long enough to do anything about it.

Well, it looks like it's just you and me. I'll keep a look out while you sort out the rhynocs.

Spyro, you're just in time! I saw two egg thieves run through this door! Well... actually, they paid me to guard their hideout, but that's irrelevant. I'll happily let you through the gate to chase them down... for, ahem, a small finder's fee... &Pay ^^^ gems to enter the thieves' den? &Ok, ok... &Get lost, loser!

Thank you, Spyro, and best of luck catching those dastardly egg thieves.

Very well, Spyro, it's up to you... Maybe if we both just hold hands and think happy thoughts, the thieves will decide to return the eggs themselves.

Well, Spyro, it's good to see you! This gate I'm guarding happens to be the secret entrance to an egg thief hideout... Of course, I can't let you enter with a clean conscience... At least not without paying a small fee. &[Entering thief hideout costs ^^^ gems.

I guess those egg thieves are going to get what's coming to them... it's too bad... I always sort of liked those guys.

Note: Sgt. Byrd is currently on an important mission... to the inside of a cage! Tough luck.\     -The Sorceress

Would love to visit, old chap, but I've got work to do back at the base. You can check in with me there.     -Sgt. James Byrd

Step inside, old chum!     -Sgt. James Byrd

,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

target mode:

drop object:

land on object

Hello Spyro, I'm just off to the Tiki Lodge for some R and R.

I'm playing a game of hide and seek with my friends. If I can't find where they've hidden their heads they won't let me join the Tiki Lodge. Help me put them back together and I'll make you an honorary member.

When you find a head, land on top of it to pick it up. Then fly it over to an idol body to put them back together.

Take this egg as a sign of your honorary membership in the lodge.

When you've picked up a tiki head, fly over to any body and use the > button to drop the tiki head.

Well that's never happened before. I hope it's not a bad omen.

look around:

rotate camera:

center camera:

Are you the dragon looking for all those eggs? Because I saw a shifty looking character with one over there.

Hey, there goes another one. He was really fast...maybe if I activate the supercharge you'll be able to catch him.

You should catch that thief before he steals something valuable.

Those guys ought to be locked up.