Spyro, did you know I happen to be a very talented amateur magician? My specialty is the, err... 'Amazing Extending Bridge' trick. I'd love to show you, but I need a small donation first... for my expenses, you understand... &Pay ^^^^ gems to cross the bridge? &Not again... Ok, fine... &I'm happy over here.

Very good. Errr... let's see... 'Hocus Pocus, Zigglety Zen, Make This Bridge Get Long Again!'

You shouldn't anger a magician, Spyro. I just might decide to turn you into a blue hedgehog or something.

Hmph... These gnomes think they're so talented... I happen to know a pretty good magic trick, myself! It's called the... incredible... magical... err, extending bridge trick. However, you'll need a few more gems to make a donation... After all, I am just a poor, starving amateur magician... &[Crossing bridge costs ^^^^ gems.

I'm afraid the show's over, Spyro. Why don't you go play with the gnomes? I think they look lonely.

Welcome, most esteemed dragon.\        -Bentley

The Marvelous Magnifico

Shhh! Spyro, don't tell anyone but we've stolen some magic from the Sorceress. We're hiding here whilst we practice using it. Unfortunately we've had a bit of an accident and turned everything into crystal, and it seems to have aggravated the indiginous creatures.

I really think I'm beginning to get the hang of this magic malarkey.

Acrabadabar...no...acrabadadoo...no, no, that isn't right. Just hold on a minute I'll get it.

The Fantastic Frederico

All this magic is just misdirection you know. Which is why I'm going to start that whirlwind over there... ABRACADABRA!

Ok, I'll show you again. If you watch carefully maybe you'll be able to see how it's done... ABRACADABRA!

I'm working on a new trick now, but I've left the whirlwind going in case you need to use it.

The Astounding Arturo

I've been working on a great new magic trick, but this bear keeps spoiling it.

Well, I suppose I could show you my new trick. As long as you promise not to tell the Great Zamboni, he steals all my best work... ALAKAZAM!

Did you tell the Great Zamboni? That charlatan has been stealing my tricks again.

The Magnificent Marvello

Here, you can have this. I was going to use it in a trick, but my magic just keeps bouncing off.

The Great Zamboni

Would you like to see a magic trick? Watch carefully, as you can see there is nothing up my left sleeve, nothing up my right sleeve, but now with a wave of my hands and the magic word... ALAKAZAM!

You want to see the trick again? Well, alright but I want you to know this isn't as easy as it looks... ALAKAZAM!

Hey, I finally seem to have got the hang of this, those crystals have stayed up for ages.

Good evening Spyro. The Amazing Randini is about to put on a display of prestidigitation. I've heard that it's quite impressive so I'm going to watch the show.

The Amazing Randini

I'm afraid my magic show seems to have over excited the moles. They need a good bonk on the head to calm them down, and you look like just the man to help. &Bash the moles? &Yes &No

A light tap on the head should sort them out, but watch out for my friends, they're trying to burrow after them. &[Bash the moles with your club. &[Don't bash the gnomes.

Well I hope the moles calm down soon, I've created a fantastic new trick I want to show them.

The moles are still a little over excited and I can't start my next performance unitl they calm down, are you sure you can't help? &Bash the moles? &Yes &No

I don't think you should be wasting time talking to me, those moles are still going crazy.

Well that didn't do it. See they've got themselves all worked up into a tizzy. You'll have to try again. &Try to bash the moles again? &Yes &No

Well done, and look, one of my friends dug up this whilst chasing the moles.

I'm afraid I've had to cancel my next performance. One of the moles ate all my magic cards.