Hello, you must be Spyro! A lot of people are talking about all the things you've done for them... Do you think you could help find my girlfriend, Tara? She went off to raid the Tomb of the Stone Golem, and I haven't seen her since. I'd go look inside the tomb myself, but, you know, there's all these scorpions and stuff.

Well, Spyro, I bet you're glad to see me! It just happens that I know the, err... password to open the door to the Tomb of the Stone Golem... but, err... it seems to have slipped my mind for the moment... if you know what I mean. &Pay ^^^ gems to learn password? &OK, fine. &Some other time.

Heh heh, very well then, the password to open the tomb is... are you ready? ... heh heh... 'Gullible'.

It's just as well, I've heard there are enough riches inside this tomb to pay a dragon's ransom... err... so to speak.

I am dreadfully sorry, Spyro, but I can't let common riff raff into the Tomb of the Stone Golem. Only the crustiest of the upper crust may pass through here. &[Entering tomb costs ^^^ gems.

OK, there was no password. I was standing in front of the wall switch. What are you going to do, sue me?

Come on in!\     -Sheila

Well, well, look at you... showing up here to raid the tomb, after I've done all the work. I spend all day pressing switches and shoving boxes around, and you just waltz in here expecting to claim the treasure! Well, you might as well have it. It only turned out to be a lousy egg, anyway.

I'll be going now. After all, a girl of my abundant talents has to keep herself busy.

Hi, Spyro! Haven't seen you in a while. I'm just off for a bit of a walkabout, right now. You know, sometimes you just long for the simple, old-fashioned pleasures of yesteryear, doncha?

I've been training my new pet manta ray to carry the latest technology super-high-impact underwater missile launchers! Wanna ride him, and try blastin' some sharks? &Ride manta ray and shoot sharks? &Yes &No

Just watch out for the shark riders. They're carrying the latest JX-5 underwater tracking ammunition.

What, you're not afraid of a few robotic sharks, are you? Or is it the rhynocs with ultra-explosive JX-5 tracking ammo that have you worried?

Try not to get hit by the exploding ammo, OK? I don't want to scare off my new pet.

Nice shootin', comrade! Where'd you learn to aim like that? Oh, by the way, Bianca wanted me to give you this egg. She says she accidentally turned it into a woolly mammoth for five minutes, but it should still be ok.

You can ride the manta ray around just for fun, if you like. &Ride the manta ray for fun? &You bet! &Maybe later.

Ready to try again? &Ride manta ray and shoot sharks? &Yes &No

Right on, go get 'em! &[{ button to fire. &[< or > button for turbo.

What, you're not afraid of a few robotic sharks, are you? Or is it the rhynocs with ultra-explosive JX-5 tracking ammo that have you worried?

OK. By the way, if you see Bianca around, can you tell her to meet me here? I... uh... promised I'd give her scuba lessons once the sharks were gone.