If you ever forget how to control a character or vehicle, just go to the Pause Menu and select 'Help'.

Billy the Mountain Goat

Hiya Sheila! While you were gone, a bunch of rhynocs kicked us out of our houses. It's OK though... Bobby, Pete and I are working on a clever plan to take them back.

Follow Bobby and Pete up there using your air-hop! It's easy, just press the < button again at the top of your jump. &[Press < at the top of your jump to air-hop.

You see that rhynoc guy up ahead? He's still mad at us for hanging his underpants on top of this tree. We'll just wait over here while you give him a swift kick. &[Press > or { to kick enemies.

You can get up really steep cliffs like this one with your double-jump. Press the < button to jump, then press it again exactly when you hit the ground to do the double-jump. Once you've mastered it, you can go anywhere you want! &[Jump again exactly when you land to double-jump

Last time we tried to get past this moose, he knocked Billy clean through a wall. If you don't mind, we'll just hang out here while you give him a good kicking.

This next guy is a wuss! You go ahead and take him out, we'll get your back!

Those rhynocs have taken over! There'll be no stopping them unless we can smash their huts. Their huts are too big to smash with your kick attack, though. Try using your Stomp attack to smash them instead. I'll confuse them with taunting, while you stomp the huts, OK?

I think my taunting is wearing them down! Remember, just jump and press the triangle button to stomp those huts. &[Smash the huts with your stomp move. &[Eliminate all the blue enemies.

Don't worry, I'll just keep kicking this rock until it breaks.

Thanks for the help, Sheila! You can have this egg I found in my house.

Hey, Sheila, let's play a joke! Take this egg and smash it on Billy's house, OK? I need to get him back for the last time he butted me off the cliff.

Ahh, home at last! Here, I was saving this to make an omelet, but I think you deserve it more.

You remember how to stomp, doncha? Just jump, then press the } button in the air. &[To stomp, jump then press }.

Thanks again, Spyro! Now I have to find out what that nasty Sorceress has done to my home while I was locked up.

Whew, that was fun! I tell you, Spyro, kicking rhynoc butt just never gets old! &Leave the level? &Yes &No

Goodbye, Spyro, I'm sure I'll see you around!

Well, I'm off to clean up the mess those rhynocs left behind.

I'd better go check on those billy goats again. Last time I left them alone, they ate all the shingles off the roof.

I still haven't finished getting all the billy goats home yet... &Level not finished... &Do you really want to leave? &Yes &No

I'll be back as soon as I get all three billy goats home.