Princess Ami showed me a place called Starfish Reef. She says there's an egg hidden in there. I think Sparx should check it out. &Enter Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.

Sparx has already found the lost egg in Starfish Reef, but if he wants to go back for a swim, I can lead the way. &Return to Starfish Reef bonus world? &Yes. &No.

When I saw that giant stingray I thought you were a goner, Sparx, but you sure showed him. Now the magic from the egg has made you even stronger, so you can take one more hit for Spyro.

Hi again, Spyro. This powerup can make you invincible, but only for a short while. Use it to get by these flame spitters... you'll find an egg when you get past them.

Spyro, I've got a special task for Sparx. Meet me back here later!           -Zoe

Listen to me, dragon... Spyro... this is serious now. The Sorceress is planning a trap for you, and if she catches you... believe me, you don't want to know what she's going to do... Look, I promise to take good care of the rest of the eggs. I mean it. Just take Hunter and go back home before... before... I can't say it, just go!

Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world.

Heh heh, the Sorceress has a real prize on her hands here... it took two dozen rhynocs to capture this dimwitted furball, so you'd better believe he's not going to get out cheap... &Pay ^^^^ gems to free the creature? &OK. &No deal, dirtbag.

Where are you getting all this money, Spyro? ... heh heh... It's not just lying around on the ground, is it? ...err... is it? Ahh, what do I care, it's mine now!

Very well then, I was having a rather good time poking him with a stick, anyway.

Good grief, dragon, what happened to all your money? How am I supposed to swindle... err.. heh heh... help you, if you can't even find any gems! &[^^^^ gems needed to free creature.

Why don't you ask around the other worlds to see if you can get me some help to build this rocket.

The rocket's fueled up and ready to go Spyro.

I reckon I'm here tuh help ya wit' yer mission, but I don't know nuthin' bout rocket scientry... I'm jest here tuh supply the scrap metal... Ya had better git some more folk tuh help out.

I guess this hunk a junk is sposed tuh fly... Sure glad I ain't the one gittin' on.

Princess Ami

I've always been really good with machinery. In fact, if you get me a little more help, I could whip up a rocketship in no time. But hurry, OK? I want to get back to my honeymoon!

Hop on, Spyro! Don't worry, fairy engineering has never failed.

I believe the denizens of this land plan to create a rocket propulsion device of some kind in order to help you with your journey. I'll try to be of some assistance, but I'm afraid you'll still need a representative from each world in order to complete the device.

Hop aboard, Spyro, and boldly go where no dragon has gone before! Well, at least not in a thousand years, at any rate...

Thanks for freeing me. Why don't you come visit me in my home world?

Now that I've wescued the secwet plans we can finish building the wocket. If only I had a little more help.

The wocket is weady for waunch, Spywo. Hop aboard whenever you want.

